what would the ringside collectibles big
your insider you're gonna want to buy
two of these one for you and one for
your friend so you guys can be tag-team
champions with Mattel's WWE toy replica
belt of the Tag Team Championship title
so here it is the Tag belt it's
incredible and it's new and shiny and it
has the 2014 logos which is amazing see
them Wow pretty incredible
moving over you see it's got the
gladiator helmets which are amazing and
I just love the look of this title belt
to be honest with him
quartz this Tag Team champ again the new
logo right up top excuse me the 2014
logo and over here the side plate again
has that new WWE 2014 logo this belt is
amazing and fits right function for
waist with a little bit of velcro let me
show you you get all the velcro on one
side of the belt and then you got
nothing on this side so you're gonna
remove the velcro which is stuck to the
other piece okay then you're gonna pull
the sticky piece off now you're going to
shift back the other side of belt now
you don't want to put it on the inside
of the belt you actually want to put it
on the outside of the belt so on the
shiny part on the outside put it right
about there or wherever you like go
anywhere on the outside and that's
pretty much it take one piece the velcro
with the inside and there you got your
velcroed title belt
are you and your tag team partner
curious how long is built maybe well I
could tell you that from left to right
it's 38 inches and from right to left
it's also 38 inches so you can wrap 38
inches glimmering shiny copper gold belt
around your pick up Alma tells w/e toy
replica championship belts from ringside
collectibles wrestling figures calm home
of the largest selection of wrestling
figures and accessories on the Internet
you